---
title: "2022"
permalink: /news-and-events/2022/
description: ""
---
### "Workshop On Audit Tools And Technique" For SAI Lao PDR
#### 26 - 28 Oct 2022

From 26 to 28 October 2022, AGO hosted a virtual workshop on “Audit Technique and Tools” for the auditors from the State Audit Organization of Lao PDR (Lao SAO).

The workshop began with an Opening Ceremony where Singapore Ambassador to Lao PDR Ms Leow Siu Lin, DAG Rina and Lao SAO Vice President, H.E. Mr Bounleuth Thepvongsa each gave their opening remarks. Thereafter, Deputy Dean of AGO Academy GRD Hee Kim shared on multiple topics – an overview of AGO, the types of audit we do, our audit and risk frameworks, the AGO audit process and AGO’s training model.

The next day, SAD Wen Yong shared on the digital tools that AGO used for auditing and gave a live demonstration on using Tableau and RPA as auditing tools. SAD Ameer also shared on how Excel is used in our audits.

On the last day, DD Lindy shared on procurement and contracts audits of construction projects with case studies. This was followed by a lively panel session with AG and GRD Hee Kim, which participants asked questions on various topics such as the process of reporting AGO’s observations to Parliament and how AGO follows up on its observations. The workshop concluded with a closing ceremony during which AG, Lao SAO President, H.E. Mr Viengthavisone Thephachanh and a class representative gave closing remarks. The participants also received certificates of participation from Ambassador Leow.


Group picture at the closing ceremony